[Archives of Kilath's stupid shenanigans because apparently his twitter account is deleted]

_.==={ BEFORE YOU CONTINUE, I WANT TO GIVE A LITTLE ATTENTION, PLS READ }===._

//This txt file has been posted on my own Github page instead of the usual Pastebin due to obvious reasons. If you want to do the honors by archiving or making a backup just in case this gets taken down due to me not having any interest in keeping this up anymore than I should, you have my full permission to do so, you do not need to ask me. Hell, you can copy all of this text and paste it in a new Notepad file. So far, this is an archive of Kilath's ridiculous responses/actions that he did against anyone that has made their response about me. I do not condone any of Kilath's actions or his white-knighting responses, as I stated before and will state this again for who knows how long. Their responses have made me uncomfortable to down-right me showing revulsion of these responses that he made. His tweets are for viewing purposes so obviously, they're archived, you can't respond to them, yadda yadda. Ridicule these tweets if you want, but that's all I will be providing as most of these archives were provided by a close individual, not all tweets have been archived, just letting ya' know that. -N.H.

//also kilath (or whatever you go by now, because you pussed out into deleting your twitter account), these tweets were archived before, and it's important that it had to be, because these are a BUNCHA STUPID BULLSHIT that (You) as the individual reading, should really take a look at these tweets you've made, and come to the conclusion that this white-knighting BS is *REALLY* not doing me or anyone to heal any favors.


https://archive.ph/8RhbI - "who let them cook" (I should be asking Kilath this specific question on this tweet. But wait, there's more...)

https://archive.ph/9Scs8 - "This doc is bullshit if you-" (Words words words, and on top of that, he decided to post a remix of Triple Trouble. Granted while I have not archived the video, his music style is completely different between from what I make in REAPER, compared to whatever he does on FL Studio, especially since I don't do much with the song he's making a remix of, as there are plenty of others people have made, that I would just rather do something like Manual Blast instead. Back to the topic, coming into defense with PURE FANBOYISM!!!!!!!11 SURELY THAT WOULD BODE WELL, EHH??? Granted this was the tweet that was brought to my attention by a close mutual, and within that, people assumed that it was me, I had to state it 3 days later on Tumblr about it.)

https://archive.ph/lWeDL - "Damn he’s hot." (...I have no words on what to say on this other than "hermano qué carajo están haciendo con tu comportamiento de tipo parasocial , weon-". Translating it to Yanqui (Yankee) language because most people I've known don't probably know any Spanish: "Brother what the fuck are you doing with your parasocial behaviors, y'idiot?" This is not only parasocial at its worst, but it also has a hint of fanboyism mixed within, something that I really do not want in my presence under any circumstances.)

https://archive.ph/t6yC3 - (You know, at this point I'm not going to quote exactly what he said because you can look at the tweets yourself, but upon taking a look, you can see why. In response to my former partner, had he responded with a gif and with all of this shite, he decided to do a le funny 4chan greentext chain to "point out" what was said. While I do tend to sometimes do the greentext thing, I only do that when it comes to pointing out obvious flaws coming from someone who I have a certain bone to pick with, it's a thing I usually do, but when it's something like *this*, especially since this is coming from a former partner of mine that Kilath is responding to, yeah no. Other than that, this is pretty stupid, and with the usage of the gif itself, makes it really childish.)

https://archive.ph/v4OL3 - (Apparently complaining about Vlad's style of photo editing. I can admit, Vlad's style has really intrigued me since he had told me before that he does all of his work in an old version of Medibang Paint, a modified version of an existing software like FireAlpaca, even when it comes to similar functionalities. Some of these, I quite have to admit, really inspire me in a way since I always want to add more detail on my arts with experimental backgrounds, maybe as time goes by, will I ever experiment on Krita. Only thing that I've noticed was insulting him by calling him "saturation-1000 cel". I don't even...)

https://archive.ph/OZcMa - (In response to Gino with a "let him cook" meme. Again, this is not only ridiculous in nature, but it's *really* unnecessary. Not much to say on this.)

//These were the only tweets so far that have been archived in his actions of going around with his massive fanboyism spergfest. While there were more, unfortunately, none of those other tweets have been archived. Take that as what you will. Of course my response to these tweets upon initial reaction since this was brought up was kind of questionable, to further looking at this and completely letting out a sigh in disbelief that someone would want to waste their time replying to every individual who I’ve hurt, and instead of letting their wounds heal, they decided that it would be best to go after them instead. As I have stated before, and have stated this yet again, the actions that this person has done agains those that I've wronged is completely against what I believe is right, that being to leave them alone and let their wounds heal, and validate how they feel in question. Of course, Kilath decided to do the complete opposite which was not in my control, and the only thing I had to do was to make a statement based on the assumption that people have made which itself isn't entirely true. I don't know much of this person or their background in question, as to my surprise, he came out of no where within a blip of my radar.

With that out of the way, this is all I have to say: fuck you, Kilath.

-N.H.
